Split certificate renewal into setting and renewing sections (#3297)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/mesosphere/dcos/2.2/security/ent/tls-ssl/ca-custom/index.md

For security reasons, the installer will not copy the signing key file from the bootstrap node to the master nodes.
Manually distribute the signing key to every DC/OS master node before running the `dcos-install.sh` script.
If you copy the signing key file over the network onto the master nodes, the network channel must be adequately protected.

On each master node:
1. Copy the `dcos-install.sh` script to the node.
2. Create the directory `/var/lib/dcos/pki/tls/CA/private/` owned by the `root` user and with permission mode 0700.
3. Copy the signing key file to `/var/lib/dcos/pki/tls/CA/private/custom_ca.key`. Ensure that the signing key file is owned by the `root` user and is only accessible to the owner (permission mode 0600).
4. Run the `dcos-install.sh` script as described in the installation instructions.

# Changing the CA Certificate in an existing cluster

> To replace the CA certificate (for example, if it is expiring or compromised), perform the following procedure consisting of three patch upgrades.  This procedure ensures that the cluster stays healthy during the certificate replacement.  If Calico is enabled (the default setting), then workloads may be stopped.

Reviewer: The first time I read this, I breezed over the 'three patch' part.  Repetition seems good here:

```suggestion
To replace the CA certificate (for example, if it is expiring or compromised), perform the following procedure consisting of three patch upgrades.  Three patch upgrades are required to ensure that the cluster stays healthy during the certificate replacement.  If Calico is enabled (the default setting), then workloads may be stopped.
```
